RHDHPAI-804: Multi-analytics provider (Adoption Insights plugin) (#1229)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/observe/adoption-insights/proc-viewing-active-users.adoc

:_mod-docs-content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="proc-viewing-active-users_{context}"]
= Viewing the active users

> The *Active users* card displays the total number of active users over a specified time range. It also provides a breakdown comparison of *New users* and *Returning users* in a line/area graph format. You can export the user data in a .csv format.

Reviewer: try "over a specified date and time period." instead. 

"breakdown comparison" is also a bit clunky. You probably should choose just one of those two to aid readability.

* *Returning users*: Existing users who have logged into {product-short}

> * *New users*: New users who have registered and logged into {product-short}

Reviewer: Is this new users logging in for the first time or using different devices? More detail on new users might be helpful.

image::rhdh-plugins-reference/active-users.jpg[active users]

.Procedure

> * To view the list of active users in your Developer Hub instance, go to *Administration -> Adoption Insights*, see the *Active users* card. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* To view the list of active users in your {product} instance, go to *Administration -> Adoption Insights*, see the *Active users* card. 
```

* To view the exact number of users for a particular day, hover over the corresponding date in the *Active users* card.

> * To export the user data in a .csv format, click the *Export CSV* label.

Reviewer 3: I think, we should call it "button" or "link" instead of "label"
